- [-] Clicked Events. Events not in chronological order. Frb 5 event first then 4th.
	- backend fixed
- I assume some don’t have miles away because the admin didn’t enter spwcific location? Just city?
	- [-] team: it's ok for those team that admin set city but they did not set location
	- event: it couldn't happent here it maybe be a bug
- UCSB link seems to come up again. I believe it’s been fixed previously.
	- bug in previews versions 
	- have to fix them by older version of database
- App crashing after creating an event.
	- we should user master action with mohammad for bill account
- Android users reporting not getting notifications. I just tested to my Android and did not get a notification. Was in there when I opened app.
	- reminder did not sent  to user but start notification is ok
	- this is backend bug probobly
- Android calendar  Cannot enter 2/2/2025?
	- we could not recreate this  problem and it's no clear
- Can we remove url link and only have the event card
	- this is a feature and we have to develop it
		- android
		- ios
- It appears one event is shared with cover or logo image and the other is not?
	-  html tags have to updated by massod
- [-] 168 hours ahead for reminder instead of how it is enter upon creation. 1 week, 2 days etc.
	- this fixed in ios
- [-] Seen this a couple of times but not always. Cover cut-off at top. iOS.
	- this fixed in ios
- Search Org issue. iOS. Video
	- this bug is in ios and will be fixed by replacing api to discovery
- Not urgent. Can we add monthly and annual recurring events? Monthly meetings and birthdays.
	- we have to develop in front and backend
- Instead of allowing users to search within an organization, clicking the search bar on an organization’s page should take them directly to the new Discovery page. Since most users only have one or two organizations, an internal organization search is unnecessary.
	- do we have to click in internal search to go into discovery
	- or add discovery instead of updates
- When an event is shared. Is there a way to ADD to CALENDAR if not a fan of org?
	- add to calendar if user not joined to organization
	- ios, android and backend
	- or view organization  and let them to join the team
- It appears @ tags in chats do not go to DM chat.
	- new feature (user profile)
	- ios android and maybe backend
	- new user profile
	- detect @ user
	- redesign list of user showed by typing @